#Briefly shows the roadmap of Rapidleech v3

= Introduction =

This roadmap serves only as a reference.


= Release Map =
The following is a release map which gives an overview which version will have what kind of features.

== Development Release ==
Development release is marked as extremely unstable and is not suitable for non-developer's uses. It will contain the following features:
 * Basic file function (delete, rename, copy, etc)
 * Able to download from direct download links
 * Navigate files and folders
 * Able to create new directory
 * Basic security functions to prevent hacking (restrict access to some files)

== Pre-Alpha Release ==
The pre-alpha release is still highly unstable and also not suitable for non-developers. This release has been expected to have bugs and still lack of many important features. It will contain the following feature:
 * Plugins for some important file hosting sites (Like RS, MU, ES, etc..)
 * Advanced file function (zip, unzip, rar, unrar, etc)
At this stage, users of Rapidleech will be notified of the development and they will be able to submit suggestions for this new Rapidleech.

== Alpha Release ==
This release will fix all existing bugs in the previous releases and implement as many features as the developers could which are suggested by the users. Although bugs will still be expected, this release should be quite stable. It will contain the following feature:
 * More plugins of file hosting sites
 * Suggestions by users
Users might be given the chance to test this release and provide important feedback. This stage will be the last chance to add features.

== Beta Release ==
This release will fix almost all bugs which has been ignored at previous releases. This release has been expected to be very stable and close to the releasing version. Only few features will be added in this release.
Users will be able to participate in testing this release and all features will be freezed. Which means no more new features will be added and any great suggestions will be pushed to the next version.

== RC Release ==
This release should fix all bugs. Users will be urged to find security holes in the script and hopefully all holes will be patched up before the final release.